add microsoft announcement blogs (#204)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2022-12-05-microsoft/index.md

---
date: '2022-12-05T17:00:00.000Z'

> title: "https://isovalent.com/blog/post/microsoft-and-isovalent-bring-ebpf-based-networking-to-azure/"
> ogImage: ogimage.webp
> ogSummary: 'Learn how Isovalent is bringing Cilium, Hubble, and Tetragon to Azure'
> categories:
>   - Community
> externalUrl: ''

Author: ```suggestion
title: "Microsoft and Isovalent bring eBPF-based Networking and Security to Azure"
ogImage: ogimage.webp
ogSummary: 'Learn how Isovalent is bringing Cilium, Hubble, and Tetragon to Azure'
categories:
  - Community
externalUrl: 'https://isovalent.com/blog/post/microsoft-and-isovalent-bring-ebpf-based-networking-to-azure/'
```
